Hello Renault Dastor seems the most
controversial machine basically on
the market seems to me that if she were
good enough for doing things
virtually all niches and none of the others
from consumers let's say the same ford
focus and something else would not sell
ford focus but since it is apparently not
good enough so people buy
other machines are our task now
determine where these cons to
be
the manufacturer could how to eliminate if they
easily removable but here and see
money really strengths where
how catastrophic and negative
parties we have not yet managed to get on
test reno duster would like it of course
from all sides look to experience
because disco dacha succeeds she
performed a little differently from her
inside
other motors i.e. divider 105
diesel that in general is something that is not in Russia
almost all of them are on the mechanics
all-wheel drive good equipment
now we had the opportunity
watch someone else's car unfortunately we
failed to experience
this car was already on sale
preparations and tinted tinted
anointed were put in order
equipped with additional options for
client and now we have the opportunity
just and and see so now we
see it and then we kinda
will be a little later us the opportunity we and
try to ride this or close
such a car with all-wheel drive to
rate directly reno duster
I have already said that the market before the old
the minimum configuration is simple
terrible misery
every time the feeling is screwdriver
This is the first very very cheap
Duster cottage complete set this
interesting car that is, I like it
really liked it
his driving performance is one
feature inward is not enough
they look poor enough utilitarian
but on the go it's a very nice car
now we we just see how she
It looks in the cabin that she had inside before
than she is good i mean and then i think
that we will be able to
ride on it but it will be a little more
look
here are these blogs
and people watching buy their guns
learn marika
mirrors
top on this detail on the stalk itself
result contacts luxury log package
then pan
announced from the options of the exception of a pro
durable they were flash drive behind him
compound surrounded by velcro busy thousands
12 skin often seconds on so for
survival
or even three times expensive to navigate
move away see only god
cool lies in front zign
yes i like it well it smells and turned on
how it turns off yes listen and if
ignite
and even see the gray that there was no city
automatic price tag ulaad about the treasury
back fist warm and
here the motor is like a gray-haired author and ahead
aha
blue on verse 6 gadget same lawyers
telecom then
Semenova
he is blacker before the evening we are so
teraflex
the doors look like gray but such
This is a series of fuck on the 15,000 price 15
euro if fleshy 424 120 flowers
patients with autograph tornado
in this regard, expensive equipment
auto back there
to connect and reserve what
where along the way is something else that river drawing
the details
the ideal
four stages, but it looks like
some kind of protection and solid did not see
yes i like it in black seated killed
us